Week of 9/9:
App updated to connect to C5545 DSP board
Ongoing work to switch to from Raspberry Pi to TI Launchpad/Boosterpack



Week of 9/16:

Mobile Application (Aaron Smith):
Working on reading current battery level to display to GUI
Signals can be sent from Samsung Galaxy S8 to BoosterPack, need to be able to read signals from BoosterPack on Launchpad to
 enable/disable effects

Digital Signal Processing (Adrian Hernandez):
Switch from Raspberry Pi to TI Launchpad almost complete. Sampling analog signal with 14-bit resolution 
at 50k samples per second. It is much better than what could be achieved with the RPi. What's next is 
integrating Aaron's Bluetooth software to control effects. The software will check for an input from the Bluetooth module 
periodically (every second or less). Then the data will be sent to the audio out on the BoosterPack.

Analog Amplification (John Cain):
Waiting on PCB to be printed to solder (request sent)
Integrating w/ power subsystem using old PCB (until new one is processed)
Working on physical integration while waiting for new PCB

Power Subsystem (Samuel DeHoyos):
Power distribution designed and prepared for other subsytems using low power power distribution block and converters
from last semester.
Moving forward, I am going to work on designing the housing for all electrical components in the backpack and find a solution
to mounting the solar panels onto the front of the backpack. In addition to this, I will also be trying to help my team 
members with their subsystems.



Week of 9/23:
Mobile Application (Aaron Smith):


Digital Signal Processing (Adrian Hernandez):
Still working on communication between Launchpad and BoosterPack. 
To be completed by next week.


Analog Amplification (John Cain):
Waiting on PCB order to be processed still
Still finalizing integration with power subsystem


Power Subsystem (Samuel DeHoyos):
Nearly ready to put order in for power distribution block. Power system ready and waiting for integration.
Solution to solar panel mounting found, going to create separate housing sleeve that will connect to backpack; this bypasses
the need for mounting the panels directly onto the backpack and also gives the user the ability to use the panels off of the
backpack.



Week of 10/1
Mobile Application (Aaron Smith):
Integration with DSP system is priority, need to allow MCU to trigger effects when sent a command from the app. Once DSP code
is finalized presets will be set up accordingly (not much needed to complete this) and tested to ensure multiple triggered 
effects work smoothly. 

Digital Signal Processing (Adrian Hernandez):
Communication between Launchpad and BoosterPack successful in preparation for Bluetooth. The main priority now is making 
sure the effects are triggered by the app. Currently working on sending the signal from the Launchpad to the Boosterpack's 
audio codec to use as audio out.


Power Subsystem (Samuel DeHoyos):
Integration with amplifier PCB tested and finalized, will be completed once new PCB is populated. Yet to be tested with DSP 
system, but will not be difficult. Focus this week is to create sleeve for solar panels and finish creating USB output for 
user to charge their devices.


Week of 10/7
Mobile Application (Aaron Smith):
Explored possible options for communication between DSP board and application, finalized idea to be implemented. Have tested
control from app to board and all seems good, with a bit of error (assuming this is just poor connectivity to bluetooth 
module, will be worked on further). 

Analog Amplification (John Cain):
Continued to work on integration with other teammates, focussing on integration with the DSP
Started soldering new board
Hoping to finish solder and be well into full team integration by Blitz next week

Power Subsystem (Samuel DeHoyos):
Parts have been ordered and all integration has been tested. Goal is to begin final designs in backpack and finish solar panel
sleeve. 


Week of 10/14
Analog Amplification (John Cain):
Continuing to solder
Ordered potentionmeter and guitar amp input
Preparing for Blitz

Digital Signal Processing (Adrian Hernandez):
Data from main board transferred to BoosterPack. Working on sending data to the audio codec for output.



Week of 10/21
Digital Signal Processing (Adrian Hernandez):
We're back to using a RPi to implement the digital effects using a circuit and algorithms developed last semester. Waiting on 
the PCB to test whole system. Working on Bluetooth connection to switch between effects to be completed within next couple of days.
